Add option --set_torch_thread to set Torch thread number (#1049)
openvinotoolkit/openvino.genai: tools/llm_bench/README.md

**Alternative solutions**
1. Use --genai option which uses OpenVINO genai API instead of optimum-intel API. In this case postprocessing is executed with OpenVINO genai API.

> 2. Without --genai option which uses optimum-intel API, set environment variable [OMP_WAIT_POLICY](https://gcc.gnu.org/onlinedocs/libgomp/OMP_005fWAIT_005fPOLICY.html) to PASSIVE which will disable OpenMP 'busy-wait', and benchmark.py will also limit the Torch thread number(Users can also use --set_torch_thread to set the Torch thread number) to avoid using CPU cores which is in 'busy-wait' by OpenVINO inference.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Without --genai option which uses optimum-intel API, set environment variable [OMP_WAIT_POLICY](https://gcc.gnu.org/onlinedocs/libgomp/OMP_005fWAIT_005fPOLICY.html) to PASSIVE which will disable OpenMP 'busy-wait', and benchmark.py will limit the Torch thread number by default to avoid using CPU cores which is in 'busy-wait' by OpenVINO inference. Users can also set the number with --set_torch_thread option.
```
